# FACE-RECOGNITION
Recognize and manipulate faces from Python or from the command line with the world's simplest face recognIition library.  Built using dlib's state-of-the-art face recognition built with deep learning. The model has an accuracy of 99.38% on the Labeled Faces in the Wild benchmark.  This also provides a simple face_recognition command line tool that lets you do face recognition on a folder of images from the command line!      import face_recognition image = face_recognition.load_image_file("your_file.jpg") face_locations = face_recognition.face_locations(image)      Installation Requirements Python 3.3+ or Python 2.7 macOS or Linux (Windows not officially supported, but might work) Installation Options: Installing on Mac or Linux First, make sure you have dlib already installed with Python bindings:  How to install dlib from source on macOS or Ubuntu Then, install this module from pypi using pip3 (or pip2 for Python 2):  pip3 install face_recognition Alternatively, you can try this library with Docker, see this section.  If you are having trouble with installation, you can also try out a pre-configured VM.  Installing on an Nvidia Jetson Nano board Jetson Nano installation instructions Please follow the instructions in the article carefully. There is current a bug in the CUDA libraries on the Jetson Nano that will cause this library to fail silently if you don't follow the instructions in the article to comment out a line in dlib and recompile it. Installing on Raspberry Pi 2+ Raspberry Pi 2+ installation instructions Installing on FreeBSD pkg install graphics/py-face_recognition Installing on Windows While Windows isn't officially supported, helpful users have posted instructions on how to install this library:  @masoudr's Windows 10 installation guide (dlib + face_recognition) Installing a pre-configured Virtual Machine image Download the pre-configured VM image (for VMware Player or VirtualBox). Usage Command-Line Interface When you install face_recognition, you get two simple command-line programs:  face_recognition - Recognize faces in a photograph or folder full for photographs. face_detection - Find faces in a photograph or folder full for photographs. face_recognition command line tool The face_recognition command lets you recognize faces in a photograph or folder full for photographs.  First, you need to provide a folder with one picture of each person you already know. There should be one image file for each person with the files named according to who is in the picture:
